---
layout: post
title: Hello
description: My first blog type post that follows my line of thought as to why I'm writing now and the valid concerns I have.
date: 2023-01-17 15:01:35 +0300
image: '/images/deer-bridge.jpg'
tags: [thoughts]
---

For those who don’t know me, here are a couple quick facts:
- My name is Andrew.
- I am from and continue to live in Columbus, Ohio with my fiancé Lucy.
- I have 28 years of life experience so far, and doing my best to have great stories to tell along the way.

I have never been one to write publicly let alone to an audience; in the past, I’ve only written when necessary for academic or professional reasons. As I’ve gotten older, I’ve had a growing desire to write for others but I’ve always stopped short of publishing anything for any number of reasons; fear of the unknown, lack of a specific purpose/plan, or self-defeating thoughts that no one will really care what I have to say— all of which may certainly end up being true.

There are a lot of people, even writers, out there that have figured “it” out — whatever “it” is for them. However, there are many more who haven’t and embody a “fake it until you make it” mindset or a “take a course and follow a formula” program. I would prefer not to fall into either of these camps, but instead use this medium (pun intended) to find, cultivate, and grow confidence in my own voice; one that’s mostly been hidden behind the facade of a “requirement” to write in the past. The current resources available online push novice writers to immediately identify or pay for their audience and hammer them with mountains of content until there’s a measurable return. That’s not going to be my method.

There are a ton of open questions:
- What I should write about?
- What audience/topics are best fit for my genuine enjoyment?
- Should it read like a journal or something else?
- What if no one reads it?

Being that I won’t be following a “traditional” method to publishing, it begs the question — what will I be doing? First, I am going to write about my story. How I ended up being who I am today, some of the lessons that I’ve learned along the way, and perhaps even some of my fears. From there, we will see where things go. Perhaps I’ll write about my career turned hobby of analytics, perhaps it will be a catalyst to a story of improvement, or maybe it will take a turn and be a narrative story.

I am not a professional writer, so there’s bound to be some grammatical mistakes along thew way but I hope whoever is reading this will be forgiving enough to see past them. It’s an experiment. Instead of not knowing and doing nothing, I’m give it a try and see if I can figure out the what along the way. If it sucks and I hate it, I’ll stop; at least I tried.

Perhaps one person out there will still get a small sliver of value out of it; perhaps that one person is you.